#Assignment: Reflection Two
*Brief responses are just fine*

1. Can you think of an example of a microaggression that you have experienced, witnessed, or perpetrated? How did you handle it? Would you handle it the same way now?

In high school, I was often commented on how I lacked a strong Tagalog accent despite having only immigrated into America a couple of years before. I was complimented by not being like the "other Filipinos". That showed how much a lack of an accent was valued, and that my other Filipino classmates were seen as lesser because they spoke differently. At the time, I accepted the comment and took it as a compliment but now I would ask "why?" because one's accent did not denote the intelligence or any standing of a person.

1. Knowing what we know about instutional oppression and the lack of diversity in tech, what would you like to see tech organizations and companies doing to improve equity, diversity, and inclusion?

I want to see more transparency in tech organizations in varying aspects of selection (job selection, job promotions, deeming someone fit for a task, etc.). In my job as a contractor at a digital marketing company, I noticed that men were given more explicit praises (congratulations during group meetings, email shoutouts, being told "if you keep it up, you'll get somewhere"). Though given the contributions I and other female contractors have done, we were only thanked in the moment through our work chat or dismissed with "We'll look into that" without any follow-up. In this context and extending it to tech companies, I want there to be more transparency with their selection processes and openly invite minority groups to more roles. I want minority groups to be more openly and personally praised to remove the notion that they are used to fill "diversity quotas" which have been used in the context of lowering down job expectations to allow minority groups to be accepted for a company to seem progressive. I have noticed that more and more organizations have diversity groups but that's often for larger corporations like Amazon or Microsoft. I want more of these diverse spaces, if not in the organizations themselves, in the open community. 
